update readme (#131)
massalabs/massa-as-sdk: README.md

# Massa-as-sdk

Collection of tools, objects and functions, that are specific in usage only for Massa smart contracts in AssemblyScript 

Complete doc of all functions and object can be found here : 

> - [`massa-as-sdk documentation`](https://massa.net)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`massa-as-sdk documentation`](http://as-sdk.docs.massa.net)
```

## To Install
```sh
npm i --save-dev @massalabs/massa-as-sdk
```
## To Format
```sh
npm run fmt
```

## To test
```sh
npm run test
```

> #Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Example
```

For instance here is a smart contract example generating an event "Hello World" on the blockchain 

> import { generateEvent } from '@massalabs/massa-as-sdk';
> ```sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
import { generateEvent } from '@massalabs/massa-as-sdk';
```

# Massa-as-sdk

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

_Massa Assemblyscript SDK_

```

Collection of tools, objects and functions, that are specific in usage only for Massa smart contracts in AssemblyScript 

Complete doc of all functions and object can be found here : 

> - [`massa-as-sdk documentation`](http://as-sdk.docs.massa.net)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [`massa-as-sdk documentation`](https://as-sdk.docs.massa.net)
```

# Massa-as-sdk

_Massa Assemblyscript SDK_

Collection of tools, objects and functions, that are specific in usage only for Massa smart contracts in AssemblyScript 

> 

Reviewer: Text from the issue

```suggestion

SDK enables us to import object classes (such as address, storage objects) and use them without having to write all objects from scratch each time.

In order to call ABI functions, we import those functions in the smart-contract project, from the SDK dependency.
SDK is a set of tools, objects and functions, that are specific in usage only for Massa blockchain.

Contract standards (ERC-20, etc) have been removed from it.

```

# Massa-as-sdk

_Massa Assemblyscript SDK_

Collection of tools, objects and functions, that are specific in usage only for Massa smart contracts in AssemblyScript 

SDK enables us to import object classes (such as address, storage objects) and use them without having to write all objects from scratch each time.

In order to call ABI functions, we import those functions in the smart-contract project, from the SDK dependency.

> SDK is a set of tools, objects and functions, that are specific in usage only for Massa blockchain.

Reviewer 3: it was a repetition from above

> Contract standards (ERC-20, etc) have been removed from it.

Reviewer 3: I'd remove this. We don't need to say in the documentation that we removed some parts. We will mention such things in the releases.

> Complete doc of all functions and object can be found here : 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Complete documentation of all available functions and objects is here: 
```

- [`massa-as-sdk documentation`](https://as-sdk.docs.massa.net)

## To Install
```sh
npm i --save-dev @massalabs/massa-as-sdk
```
## To Format
```sh
npm run fmt
```

## To test
```sh
npm run test
```

## To generate doc
```sh
npm run doc
```

# Example

> For instance here is a smart contract example generating an event "Hello World" on the blockchain 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Here is a smart-contract example generating an event "Hello World" on the blockchain:
```
